fix: `useModalForm`'s `autoSubmitClose` and `autoResetForm` features (#3911)
refinedev/refine: .changeset/smooth-planets-suffer.md

---
"@refinedev/core": patch
---

> Now, when the form is submitted successfully, the `setId` function is not called.

Reviewer: I think this is an internal knowledge and won't give an idea about who is reading it. Perhaps we can mention the fixed behaviour? That would be better, if someone else has this problem, it will be clear that it's fixed.

> In forms that use `useForm`, the `onFinish` will reset the current `id` to `undefined` when the mutation is successful. Now, the `id` will not be set to `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In forms that use `useForm`, the `onFinish` was resetting the current `id` to `undefined` when the mutation is successful. Now, the `id` will not be set to `undefined`.
```
